docs(releases): improve 2.0.0 release notes (#111)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-monitoring: docs/releases/v2.0.0.md

- Replace [`metrics-server`](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server) with [`prometheus-adapter`](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/prometheus-adapter) thus removing the dependency on the [`cert-manager`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-kubernetes-ingress/tree/master/katalog/cert-manager) package and enabling workload autoscaling based on custom metrics.
- Removed [`goldpinger`](https://github.com/bloomberg/goldpinger) that was creating high-cardinality metrics in big clusters.
- Added a default configuration con Alertmanager through the usage of the new `AlertmanagerConfig` CRD.
- Added `blackbox-exporter` to allow blackbox probing via the `Probe` CRD.
- Added support for Kubernetes v1.24.x

## Update Guide 🦮

### Warnings

- Since the release ships changes to some immutable fields, the upgrade process will involve the deletion and recreation of some resources.
- Notice that all the `kubectl apply` commands make use of the `--server-side` flag, this is needed because some objects are very large and the annotations introduced by the client side apply go beyond the maximum size.

> - AlertManager's configuration has been changed. You'll need to create 3 new secrets with the notification endpoints for it to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alertmanager configuration has been changed. You'll need to create 3 new secrets with the notification endpoints for it to work properly.
```

```

- `alertmanager-operated`

> Alert Manager now reads the notification enpoint for Slack and Healthchecks.io from secrets, instead of having it embedded in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alertmanager now reads the notification enpoint for Slack and Healthchecks.io from secrets, instead of having it embedded in the configuration.
```
